feat(gsoc): update gsoc 2025 project ideas (#7705)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2025/project-ideas/complete-alternative-jenkins-io-build-retooling.adoc

The project has been discussed extensively at link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/5474[GitHub issue #5474], where some existing proof-of-concept code can be found referenced there.

> // There are multiple ways to approach the implementation, but from experimentation, it has been found that the backend replacement requires minimal effort for the documentation, with the frontend implementation expected to require much effort to reproduce the look and feel of the current link:/[jenkins.io] website. However, the blog can be split from the documentation using something like link:https://www.gatsbyjs.com/[Gatsby], which is expected to make it easier for users to submit posts in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// There are multiple ways to approach the implementation. Still, from experimentation, it has been found that the backend replacement requires minimal effort for the documentation, with the frontend implementation expected to require much effort to reproduce the look and feel of the current link:/[jenkins.io] website. However, the blog can be split from the documentation using something like link:https://www.gatsbyjs.com/[Gatsby], which is expected to make it easier for users to submit posts in the future.
```

We have already begun work on this project in GSoC 2023 as link:/projects/gsoc/2023/projects/alternative-jenkinsio-build-tool/["Building Jenkins.io with alternative tools"].

> However, we were only able to complete most of the groundwork for the Antora part for the versioned docs, as well as some of the groundwork for the Gatsby part mostly for the non-versioned part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we were only able to complete most of the groundwork for the Antora part of the versioned docs and some of the groundwork for the Gatsby part, mostly for the non-versioned part.
```

So now the core work left will be to update the outdated content of both the Antora versioned docs as well as the Gatsby backbone at the project at link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/docs.jenkins.io/[jenkins-infra/docs.jenkins.io repo].

The outcome of this project is expected to produce a visible impact they can showcase in their portfolio of the link:/[jenkins.io] website, as the GSoC contributor is also expected to contribute via UI/UX improvements beyond the basic tooling required.

> This selected GSoC contributor is expected to work very diligently to play catch up with transition from the current link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/[jenkins.io repo] and the new link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/docs.jenkins.io/[jenkins-infra/docs.jenkins.io repo].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This selected GSoC contributor is expected to work very diligently to play catch up with the transition from the current link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/[jenkins.io repo] and the new link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/docs.jenkins.io/[jenkins-infra/docs.jenkins.io repo].
```
